ISPN-13545 Documentation improvements to SQL store configuration (#9717)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_shared_cache_stores.adoc

= Shared cache stores

{brandname} cache stores can be local to a given node or shared across all nodes in the cluster.
By default, cache stores are local (`shared="false"`).

* Local cache stores are unique to each node; for example, a file-based cache store that persists data to the host filesystem.
+
Local cache stores can fetch state and purge on startup to avoid loading stale entries from persistent storage.

* Shared cache stores allow multiple nodes to use the same persistent storage; for example, a JDBC cache store that allows multiple nodes to access the same database.
+

> Shared cache stores ensure that only originator nodes write to persistent storage, instead of backup nodes performing write operations for every modification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared cache stores ensure that only the primary owner write to persistent storage, instead of backup nodes performing write operations for every modification.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====
Never configure shared cache stores to fetch state and purge on startup.

> Fetching state and purging with shared cache stores results in performance issues and longer cluster start times.

Reviewer: Purging actually deletes the data :D

Author: Good point. I've updated this to be a little clearer. Maybe we could drop the 2nd sentence altogether though.
